feat: erc20 module (#38)
status-im/nim-ethers: Readme.md

Subscriptions are currently only supported when using a JSON RPC provider that
is created with a websockets URL such as `ws://localhost:8545`.

Utilities
---------

This library ships with some optional modules that provides convenience utilities for you such as:

- `ethers/erc20` module provides you with ERC20 token implementation and its events

Contribution
------------

> If you want to run the tests, then before running the `nimble test`, you have to
> have installed NodeJS and then startup testing node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run the tests, then before running `nimble test`, you have to
have installed NodeJS and started a testing node:
```
